[IBM] Add some common troubleshooting on the IBM deployement for non-k8s users (#2352)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/ibm/deploy/install-kubeflow.md

## Kubeflow installation
Run the following commands to set up and deploy Kubeflow.

> > We strongly recommend to install kfctl v1.2 or above because kfctl v1.2 addresses several critical bugs that can break the Kubeflow deployment.
> 
> 1. Download the kfctl {{% kf-latest-version %}} release from the
>   [Kubeflow releases 
>   page](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/releases/tag/{{% kf-latest-version %}}).

Reviewer: Currently, the kfctl installation step is below the recommendation to have v1.2+. Maybe it'd be best to say that v1.2 is 👍 after the user is learns about "downloading kfctl"? It seems logical. WDYT?

```suggestion
1. Download the kfctl {{% kf-latest-version %}} release from the
  [Kubeflow releases 
  page](https://github.com/kubeflow/kfctl/releases/tag/{{% kf-latest-version %}}).
  
  **Note**: You're strongly recommended to install **kfctl v1.2** or above because kfctl v1.2 addresses several critical bugs that can break the Kubeflow deployment.
```

(with added emphasis in **bold** as a recommendation, since it looks like a critical step)

    
Choose either **single user** or **multi-tenant** section based on your usage.

> If you make any mistake that creates conflicts on your Kubeflow deployment, you can [uninstall Kubeflow](#uninstall-kubeflow) and start over again.

Reviewer: I think the signal would be some kind of issues experienced by the user - the signal that they potentially made mistakes. Therefore:

```suggestion
If you're experiencing issues during the installation because of conflicts on your Kubeflow deployment, you can [uninstall Kubeflow](#uninstall-kubeflow) and install it again.
```

WDYT?

* **${KF_DIR}** - The full path to your Kubeflow application directory.

> The Kubeflow endpoint is exposed with [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) 31380. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and access the **EXTERNAL_IP**.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
The Kubeflow endpoint is exposed with [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) 31380. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [expose the Kubeflow endpoint as LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and access the **EXTERNAL_IP**.
```

It may make sense to add a link to LoadBalancer somewhere too, I think: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/create-external-load-balancer/

    * `oAuthServerUrl`
    
7. Register the Kubeflow OIDC redirect page. The Kubeflow OIDC redirect URL is `http://<kubeflow-FQDN>/login/oidc`. 

> `<kubeflow-FQDN>` is the endpoint for accessing Kubeflow. By default, the `<kubeflow-FQDN>` on IBM Cloud is `<worker_node_external_ip>:31380`. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and use the **EXTERNAL_IP** for your `<kubeflow-FQDN>`.

Reviewer: I'm not well-versed in KF and K8s, so I apologize for asking this - can you help explain what you mean by "if you don't have any experience on Kubernetes"? Does it mean - the user may not know how to work with K8s or is it something else?

Author: We are seeing some users with zero Kubernetes background don't understand what is a worker node and why it has to use a port number. So we are recommending those users to enable load balancer for Kubeflow.

There's limited number of free load balancers on the IBM Cloud cluster, so we are not enforcing load balancer on the default Kubeflow deployment.

> `<kubeflow-FQDN>` is the endpoint for accessing Kubeflow. By default, the `<kubeflow-FQDN>` on IBM Cloud is `<worker_node_external_ip>:31380`. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and use the **EXTERNAL_IP** for your `<kubeflow-FQDN>`.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
`<kubeflow-FQDN>` is the endpoint for accessing Kubeflow. By default, the `<kubeflow-FQDN>` on IBM Cloud is `<worker_node_external_ip>:31380`. If you don't have any experience on Kubernetes, you can [expose the Kubeflow endpoint as LoadBalancer](#expose-the-kubeflow-endpoint-as-loadbalancer) and use the **EXTERNAL_IP** for your `<kubeflow-FQDN>`.
```

## Additional information

You can find general information about Kubeflow configuration in the guide to [configuring Kubeflow with kfctl and kustomize](/docs/other-guides/kustomize/).

## Troubleshooting

> ### Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as LoadBalancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Expose the Kubeflow endpoint as a LoadBalancer
```

I noticed they use "a"/"an" here: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/create-external-load-balancer/

> By default, the Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud only exposes the endpoint as [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) 31380. If you want to expose the endpoint as [LoadBalancer](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#loadbalancer), run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Kubeflow deployment on IBM Cloud only exposes the endpoint as [NodePort](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#nodeport) 31380. If you want to expose the endpoint as a [LoadBalancer](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#loadbalancer), run:
```

```shell
kubectl patch svc istio-ingressgateway -n istio-system -p '{"spec": {"type": "LoadBalancer"}}'
```

> Then, the LoadBalancer is located at the **EXTERNAL_IP** column when you run the below command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can locate the LoadBalancer in the **EXTERNAL_IP** column when you run the following command:
```

```shell
kubectl get svc istio-ingressgateway -n istio-system
```

### Uninstall Kubeflow

> Run the below commands to uninstall Kubeflow and clean up all the local cache. Note that `${CONFIG_FILE}` is the [kfdef](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/other-guides/kustomize/#specifying-a-configuration-file-when-initializing-your-deployment) for deploying Kubeflow.

Reviewer: Usually, using "directional" language like "above"/"below" is not great for accessibility and most of our use cases are simple, so we should probably stick to anything that's similar to "following" or "before". I'd leave it up to you though.

```suggestion
To uninstall Kubeflow and clean up all the local cache, run the following command:
```

(moving the 2nd sentence towards the end)

```shell
kfctl delete -f ${CONFIG_FILE}
rm -rf kustomize .cache

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

where `${CONFIG_FILE}` is the [kfdef](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/other-guides/kustomize/#specifying-a-configuration-file-when-initializing-your-deployment) for deploying Kubeflow.
```

> ```

Reviewer: Can you add below your 2nd sentence from before:

```

where `${CONFIG_FILE}` is the [kfdef](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/other-guides/kustomize/#specifying-a-configuration-file-when-initializing-your-deployment) for deploying Kubeflow.
```

Also, did the reader previously export the CONFIG_FILE variable? Maybe we shouldn't use the `$` sign here 🤷

Author: yes, `${CONFIG_FILE}` is defined when they deploy Kubeflow. Since singe-user and multi-user use different ${CONFIG_FILE}, I use the environment variable over here so that user is deleting their last deployment.

Reviewer: Thanks @Tomcli 🤗
